Well, Jasmine Enberg is a principal analyst at social media in Insider Intelligence. And I put it to her that since there's no evidence that TikTok has passed data on to the Chinese government, how does the chief executive go about proving a negative?||It was incredibly tough questioning, and there was very, very little that Chu could say to sway U.S. lawmakers' minds. He really had to prove a negative, that TikTok isn't or can't be used by the Chinese Communist Party to influence U.S. public opinion. In that sense, it's not just about data privacy. It's about soft influence and the type of content that is served on TikTok.||How important is TikTok to American consumers and American businesses?||It's becoming incredibly important. There is a lot of creators who have built their brands and built their businesses on tick tock and who would be severely impacted if the app were to be banned here. That said a lot of creators are prepared for the potential of a ban. They're already using other platforms. Many of them have set up small businesses so they do have other ways of reaching their customers and their audiences.||Can TikTok actually do without an American market if it needed to? Is that a possibility or not at all?||Well the US is an incredibly important market for tick tock and billions of dollars are at stake here. So at Insider Intelligence we estimate that tick tock will rake in about seven billion dollars in the US alone. And that's about half of its worldwide ad revenues. Now a lot of tick tocks meteoric growth over the past couple of years has also come at the expense of some US based companies including Meta and YouTube. So it's incredibly important. And there's a lot of factors at play here for for why this is happening.||And what did we actually learn from the committee hearing yesterday? Did we learn any more about the access that the Chinese government might have to data or not really?||There weren't really any big revelations today. Chu stuck mainly to his talking points. He talked a lot about Project Texas and the work that they're doing to protect and store American data on U.S. soil, but he didn't really offer much new evidence or much new in terms of what they're doing. That said, he also didn't always have a lot of time to be able to answer a lot of the questions that the lawmakers proposed. Again, it was really incredibly tough questioning, and he stuck mainly to those talking points.