And that's a skepticism in the sense that there have been engineers who have admitted that they've been able to get access to U.S. data in China. And the concern is, even if there's no public evidence now of anything nefarious, that if China wanted to do it, whether it's to interfere in a U.S. election, whether to promote its views that we can take Taiwan, that the Chinese, maybe they're not doing it today, but they have the opportunity, the technical ability, and then the power of coercion, the communist regime to say, sorry. And lawmakers on both sides of the aisle were concerned about that and asking questions about whether or not, even if the data was fully based in Texas, whether the Chinese government would be able to compel employees of ByteDance to be able to provide that data. Ultimately, though, even if Congress passes this legislation, it will fall at Joe Biden's feet. It will be up to the president to determine whether or not, of course, to sign the legislation. But if one of the versions that Congress passes gives the authority to the president of the United States to ban TikTok, if he chooses to do so, Biden would then have to decide whether he wants to ban it. You talked about some of the political concerns here. The White House has brushed aside political concerns. But when you have two thirds of young Americans saying that they don't want to see TikTok banned, and then you also have, within President Joe Biden's approval rating, young people essentially dragging down his approval rating among Democrats, it's hard to see how political considerations wouldn't at least be on their minds, regardless of what the decision he makes is. That's a fascinating question as you go into 2024 in the sense that the Republicans say Chinese Communist Party just about every other breath. Right. And they believe it's and look it's a very important issue. It's a very important geopolitical issue whether we're talking about social media or we're talking about the South China Sea whether we're talking about the war in Ukraine. China comes up all the time. But the growth of the company that does make the politics interesting. In 2020 about 100 million users the CEO repeatedly reminding people today it's up to 150 million now. And you look at this Quinnipiac poll. Do you support a tick tock ban. Forty nine percent of Americans say yes. Forty two percent. No. So a slight plurality close to a majority. But you see the split there. But then look at the age differences. Older Americans say sure. And again they're more open to the idea of it. Younger Americans say no. So how complicated is this. We talk about Congress for a president who might get the authority to get to ban or could use other administrative steps to do something. But.