Yeah, I mean, it really was an about face. It's like the roles were reversed today when you when you compare it to how it was when Zuckerberg was sitting there and talking to members of Congress. We know that lawmakers now are not happy with social media platforms in general. But TikTok, it's special because it also happens to be Chinese owned. The Chinese Communist Party has access. It could have access to 150 million U.S. hearts and minds. That's what the lawmakers said. Talk to me about this danger that members of Congress were talking about today.||I think that's a great way of putting it. And there are really two real dangers that members of Congress have seized upon. The first centers around sort of the more narrow threat of data privacy and data security. The idea that all social media platforms, including TikTok in particular, collect massive amounts of data to build these user profiles. And TikTok in particular, the genius of the app's algorithm is that it can really understand what you wanna watch, what you like, what you dislike. And that can translate into a voter profile and a profile for influence. So the data piece of it is of high concern and that's what this Project Texas was designed to alleviate. But then the other concern, the second concern, which is almost a bigger one, is that the social media platforms and the algorithms that they use are constantly making decisions second by second, minute by minute on what content we see and when and why. And the idea that the Chinese Communist Party could influence that and up-regulate content that they want Americans to see and down-regulate content such as on Taiwan or on Chinese activists that they don't want Americans to see, that's where the real national security issues come in that make TikTok distinct from the social media platforms that we're used to that are based in democratic countries.||Lawmakers today, they took TikTok to task for not doing what it promises when it comes to content moderation. I want you to take a listen to what Congresswoman Kat Kamig from Florida said after she shared a threat that was posted on TikTok against the committee chairwoman. And that threat, by the way, that is still posted on TikTok today. Take a listen.