Yeah, certainly Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, all these platforms are sorely in need of stronger oversight when either involving the data that the congressman was talking about or content moderation. And this has been sort of a thorn in Washington's side for the better part of the last five years. And we've really seen very little movement so far on this broader tech platform regulation. But I think there's a real chance now that the platform in question has this extra threat of being based in China and ultimately potentially beholden to the Chinese Communist Party. I think we're now able to see these broader tech regulation ideas such as content moderation, such as data privacy in a new light that may make lawmakers more willing to consider some of these guardrails against the massive loopholes that we have in our technology ecosystem. I think you would agree with me that lawmakers are kind of late to the to the party here when it comes to holding social media responsible and accountable particularly for Misinformation on their platforms. I mean They're correct when they say this is dangerous perhaps On tik-tok because it's coming from a foreign Power, but what about Facebook? What about the last US election for example and the 2016 election? We know that Facebook was used by Russia US intelligence has told us that they used Facebook to try to manipulate the election Where was the fury from Congress over that? You're absolutely right. These issues of foreign influence and foreign interference in US democracy and elections are not new. But I think there was fury over Facebook's role in the 2016 election, including from lawmakers. Maybe not as uniform as we saw today, but this has been something that lawmakers have been hammering on about social media platforms for years now. And I think the question is, why haven't we seen more action beyond just words? Because this is clearly something that needs to be addressed. But I think one thing in the United States, we have this section 230 of the Communications Decency Act, which provides a very strong liability shield, particularly on content for these social media platforms. And actually, the same committee that grilled the TikTok CEO today is currently looking into precisely that provision and asking questions about whether we need to reform that act and make any changes to that liability shield. It's something the Supreme Court took up recently. So I think the conversation is certainly not done on content moderation and section 230 when it comes to the broader tech regulation. Yeah. And, Lisbeth, let me ask you about that before we run out of time. These two things, what do you see happening? Do you think that TikTok will be banned in the United States? And do you think TikTok is the company that is going to push Congress to change this Section 230 and, you know, hold these platforms responsible, make them liable for the content that's on their platforms? I do. I do think that this is finally the nail in the coffin when it comes to social media platforms before real regulation becomes part of our legal code. And the reason it's been clear today is that even the Republican chair of the committee today called for federal privacy legislation, something that's been a fact of life in Europe for years now and the United States has flagged on. You know. Yeah, it's true. I heard him say that and it struck me too. That's what the Europeans have been calling for for years. We have that here. And now you have these U.S. lawmakers who are on board and perhaps it took a Chinese company to bring them there. Lindsay Gorman, head of technology. Yeah, exactly. Head of technology and the geopolitics team at the nonprofit organization, the Alliance for Securing Democracy. We appreciate your time and your insights tonight. Thank you. Thanks for having me.