Hi, this is the Hotbox, telling you that this video might have some sensitive stuff in it, so take a second if you need to and go check out something else. Otherwise, please enjoy the show.||Sometimes, the world doesn't give you a break. You wake up, your tummy hurts, why god why? And it seems like this week was no different, as the news continued to be filled non-stop with things either coming to an end or being taken away from us. The biggest being when TikTok was tried in front of the US Congress, where there was incompetence, racism, and it really was one thing after another. So I thought we could sit down, talk about things, and maybe have a few laughs as we try to navigate the situation facing one of the biggest platforms for creators and the United States as a whole. Now without further ado, let's get right into it. Welcome back to the channel, new and returning, young and old, fans, haters, and everyone in between. If you're new here, why not subscribe? It's quick, it's easy, just takes a second, and you can always undo it, but it really does help out the channel a lot, so thank you. TikTok, or more specifically TikTok CEO, Shozy Choo, was placed before the United States Congress to discuss a potential ban of TikTok in the US. And we all know that old people in office and tech go together as well as bullets and that lake in RE4. The difference is that one situation reveals a gross, scaly monster clad in ignorance and hate and the other lets you meet DeLago. Ain't he cute? Unsurprisingly, this hearing from the most bipartisan committee in Congress was just one giant self-report on behalf of the Congress members. Most of the questions were meandering, meaningless, and a lot of them have this weird, read racist, idea that Mr. Choo represents the Chinese government and communism as a whole. Which is funny that they think that about the guy and the company that are both from Singapore. Choo was born on the 1st of January 1983 in Singapore. His father worked in construction while his mother was a bookkeeper. Choo is Singaporean, he is married to Vivian Cao. Congress seems to think that TikTok is this evil portal to threatening schools of thought that will destroy the country and our kids from the inside.